Change lifecycle section to recording LSs (#19)
intarchboard/draft-iab-rfc4053bis: draft-kuehlewind-iab-rfc4053bis.md

   another body; if it fails to react in a timely fashion, it may miss
   the opportunity.

#  Recording Liaison Statements

For the IETF, a liaison statement is a message that was sent or received (usually an email or some kind of formal letter)
that is recorded in our liaison management tool. i.e. the value of sending a liaison statement for an organization compared to a mail,
is that it will officially be recorded and the public record will attest that certain information has been communicated between the organizations.

## Incoming Liaison Statements from Other SDOs

> The IETF will record any received liaison statement and make it publicly visible . For received liaiosn statement with a

Author: ```suggestion
The IETF will record any received liaison statement and make it publicly available.
For received liaison statement with a
```

that is recorded in our liaison management tool. i.e. the value of sending a liaison statement for an organization compared to a mail,
is that it will officially be recorded and the public record will attest that certain information has been communicated between the organizations.

## Incoming Liaison Statements from Other SDOs

The IETF will record any received liaison statement and make it publicly available.
For received liaison statement with a
formal liaison relationship it is the responsiblity
of the liaison manager to create that public record. However, even if a
formal liaison relationship exists, it is possible that liaison statements arrive
without knowledge of the liaison manager, therefore it is generally the
responibility of the receiver to ensure a public record is created.

## Outgoing Liaison Statements from the IETF

IETF participants (usually WG chairs or ADs) can
send liaison statements to other SDOs, and all sent liaison statments
must be publicly recorded. Therefore,
it is recommended to use a IETF provided tool to send liaison
statments, rather then send them directly by email and record

> them after the fact. This approach is possible even if a certain form of submission other than email is required by the

Author: ```suggestion
them after the fact. This approach is possible e.g. if a certain form
of submission other than email is required by the
```

   another body; if it fails to react in a timely fashion, it may miss
   the opportunity.

#  Recording Liaison Statements

> For the IETF, a liaison statement is a message that was sent or received (usually an email or some kind of formal letter)
> that is recorded in our liaison management tool. i.e. the value of sending a liaison statement for an organization compared to a mail,
> is that it will officially be recorded and the public record will attest that certain information has been communicated between the organizations.

Author: ```suggestion
For the IETF, a liaison statement is a message that was sent or received
(usually an email or some kind of formal letter)
that is recorded in our liaison management tool,
i.e. the value of sending a liaison statement for an organization compared to a mail,
is that it will officially be recorded and the public record will attest
that certain information has been communicated between the organizations.
```
